aethy.com
Limited

Reason not available
akko.disqordia.space
Limited

Reason not available
best-friends.chat
Limited

Reason not available
bitcoinhackers.org
Limited

Reason not available
botsin.space
Limited

Reason not available
bsd.moe
Limited

Reason not available
campaign.openworlds.info
Limited

Reason not available
chungus.cc
Limited

Reason not available
c.im
Limited

Reason not available
cloutfla.re
Limited

Reason not available
cryptocartel.social
Limited

Reason not available
cryptodon.lol
Limited

Reason not available
cryptotooter.com
Limited

Reason not available
cum.desupost.soy
Limited

Reason not available
cybercrusade.xyz
Limited

Reason not available
dragon.garden
Limited

Reason not available
freespeech.group
Limited

Reason not available
girlcock.club
Limited

Reason not available
humblr.social
Limited

Reason not available
idolheaven.org
Limited

Reason not available
journa.host
Limited

Reason not available
kartoffel.cafe
Limited

Reason not available
leafposter.club
Limited

Reason not available
liberdon.com
Limited

Reason not available
masthead.social
Limited

Unmoderated
m.c**.im
Limited

Reason not available
miruku.cafe
Limited

Reason not available
monads.online
Limited

Reason not available
mstdn.foxfam.club
Limited

Reason not available
mulmeyun.church
Limited

Reason not available
my.dirtyhobby.xyz
Limited

Reason not available
neko.ci
Limited

Reason not available
pl.smuglo.li
Limited

Reason not available
pone.social
Limited

Reason not available
porn-k.com
Limited

Reason not available
presidentielle.tech
Limited

Reason not available
preteengirls.biz
Limited

Reason not available
public.mitra.social
Limited

Reason not available
rakket.app
Limited

Reason not available
sexcify.com
Limited

Reason not available
silkhe.art
Limited

Reason not available
sinblr.com
Limited

Reason not available
snouts.online
Limited

Reason not available
social.drastical.tech
Limited

Reason not available
social.xenofem.me
Limited

Reason not available
traboone.com
Limited

Reason not available
tweets.icu
Limited

Reason not available
twitter.grants.cafe
Limited

Reason not available
uwu.social
Limited

Reason not available
whitesmokebbq.social
Limited

Reason not available
13bells.com
Suspended

Reason not available
activitypub-troll.cf
Suspended

Reason not available
ak.kyaruc.moe
Suspended

Reason not available
albin.social
Suspended

Reason not available
ap.maladaptive.art
Suspended

Reason not available
arachnid.town
Suspended

Reason not available
argentum.social
Suspended

Reason not available
a.sc
Suspended

Reason not available
asimon.org
Suspended

Reason not available
badly.co
Suspended

Reason not available
bae.st
Suspended

Reason not available
bajax.us
Suspended

Reason not available
baraag.net
Suspended

Reason not available
bbs.kawa-kun.com
Suspended

Reason not available
beef*****.win
Suspended

Reason not available
berserker.town
Suspended

Reason not available
beta.birdsite.live
Suspended

Third-party bots
beta.mstdn.cf
Suspended

Third-party bots
birb.elfenban.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
birb.space
Suspended

Reason not available
birbs.qdon.space
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.2345781.xyz
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdbots.leptonics.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdbridge.autonomy.earth
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.evilcyberhacker.net
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.froth.zone
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.im-in.space
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.nzbr.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.openmtx.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
bird.r669.live
Suspended

Third-party bots
birds.garden
Suspended

Reason not available
birdsite.b93.dece.space
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.cloutier.co
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.darkesttimeline.social
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.frog.fashion
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.gabeappleton.me
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.gnyo.org
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.gred.al
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.gredal.dev
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.ingwie.me
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.jemverse.xyz
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.link
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsitelive.bubbletea.dev
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsitelive.loca.lt
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsitelive.moistgarbage.info
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsitelive.treffler.cloud
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.lluni.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.mastodon.me.uk
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.monster
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.nytpu.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.oliviaappleton.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.skye.cx
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.slashdev.space
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.spectreos.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.tcjc.uk
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.thorlaksson.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.toot.si
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.vrparty.social
Suspended

Third-party bots
birdsite.wilde.cloud
Suspended

Third-party bots
bittube.video
Suspended

Reason not available
bridge.birb.space
Suspended

Third-party bots
brighteon.social
Suspended

Reason not available
bsite.spiderden.net
Suspended

Third-party bots
cawfee.club
Suspended

Reason not available
charlestown.social
Suspended

Reason not available
childpawn.shop
Suspended

Reason not available
chudbuds.lol
Suspended

Reason not available
clubcyberia.co
Suspended

Reason not available
clube.social
Suspended

Reason not available
collapsitarian.io
Suspended

Reason not available
crypto-group-buy.com
Suspended

Reason not available
cum.salon
Suspended

Reason not available
cyberstorm.one
Suspended

Reason not available
detroitriotcity.com
Suspended

Reason not available
dev.dtzbts.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
develop.gab.com
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
eatthebugs.social
Suspended

Freeze peach, abuse
eveningzoo.club
Suspended

Reason not available
exited.eu
Suspended

Reason not available
federated.fun
Suspended

Reason not available
fedichive.tk
Suspended

Reason not available
fedi.intkos.link
Suspended

Reason not available
fedi.pawlicker.com
Suspended

Reason not available
feral.cafe
Suspended

Reason not available
f.haeder.net
Suspended

Reason not available
firebird.mullet.social
Suspended

Third-party bots
fluf.club
Suspended

Reason not available
freeatlantis.com
Suspended

Reason not available
freecumextremist.com
Suspended

Reason not available
freespeechextremist.com
Suspended

Reason not available
fwedivewse.vfpmedia.com
Suspended

Reason not available
gab.ai
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
gabble.xyz
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
gab.com
Suspended

GAB OR GAB AFFILIATE
gabfed.com
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
gab.io
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
gab.protohype.net
Suspended

GAB OR GAB affilated.
gamel******.club
Suspended

Reason not available
genderheretics.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
geofront.rocks
Suspended

Reason not available
gitmo.life
Suspended

Reason not available
gleasonator.com
Suspended

Reason not available
glindr.org
Suspended

GAB OR GAB AFFILIATED
goodchristian.website
Suspended

Reason not available
gorf.space
Suspended

freeze peach, antisemitism
goyslop.cafe
Suspended

Reason not available
graz.social
Suspended

Reason not available
greenlifeplus.net
Suspended

Reason not available
hallsofamenti.io
Suspended

Reason not available
handicapped.tk
Suspended

Reason not available
hentai.baby
Suspended

Reason not available
hidamari.apartments
Suspended

Reason not available
honkwerx.tech
Suspended

Reason not available
iddqd.social
Suspended

Reason not available
impeccable.social
Suspended

Reason not available
jakordaz.host
Suspended

Reason not available
kabuki.club
Suspended

Reason not available
keomea.top
Suspended

Reason not available
kiwifarms.cc
Suspended

Reason not available
kiwifarms.net
Suspended

Reason not available
kompost.cz
Suspended

Reason not available
kurosawa.moe
Suspended

Reason not available
lain.gay
Suspended

Reason not available
lolison.network
Suspended

Reason not available
lolison.top
Suspended

Reason not available
lostvoid.cyberretards.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
lounge.dtzbts.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
loveforlandlords.com
Suspended

Reason not available
mastod.no
Suspended

Reason not available
mastodon.cf
Suspended

Reason not available
mastodong.lol
Suspended

Reason not available
md.kakise.tech
Suspended

Reason not available
megamast.io
Suspended

Reason not available
merovingian.club
Suspended

Reason not available
misskey-forkbomb.cf
Suspended

Reason not available
mk.comfysnug.space
Suspended

Reason not available
mk.froth.zone
Suspended

Reason not available
mk.starnix.network
Suspended

Reason not available
moe.cachapa.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
morale.ch
Suspended

Reason not available
mstdn.starnix.network
Suspended

Reason not available
mugicha.club
Suspended

Reason not available
musksocial.com
Suspended

Reason not available
nanorkad.host
Suspended

Reason not available
neckbeard.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
newjack.city
Suspended

Reason not available
news.twtr.plus
Suspended

Third-party bots
nicec***.***ital
Suspended

Reason not available
nnia.space
Suspended

Reason not available
noagenda.social
Suspended

Reason not available
noagendasocial.com
Suspended

Reason not available
noagendatube.com
Suspended

Reason not available
normie.cafe
Suspended

Reason not available
novoa.nagoya
Suspended

Reason not available
obo.sh
Suspended

Reason not available
office.dtzbts.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
onevery.ignorelist.com
Suspended

Reason not available
outpoa.st
Suspended

Reason not available
pawoo.net
Suspended

Reason not available
p.enes.lv
Suspended

Reason not available
piev****.net
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.comfysnug.space
Suspended

Reason not available
pleroma.eientei.org
Suspended

Reason not available
pleroma.elementality.org
Suspended

Reason not available
pleroma.narrativerry.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
pleroma.nobodyhasthe.biz
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.info.natehiggers.online
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.kitsunemimi.club
Suspended

Reason not available
plma.plus.st
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.natehiggers.online
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.starnix.network
Suspended

Reason not available
pl.tkammer.de
Suspended

TERFY Bullshit
poa.st
Suspended

Reason not available
poster.place
Suspended

Reason not available
posting.lolicon.rocks
Suspended

Reason not available
prout.social
Suspended

SPAM
qersla.press
Suspended

Reason not available
qoto.org
Suspended

Reason not available
raki.social
Suspended

Reason not available
rapefeminists.network
Suspended

Reason not available
rapemeat.solutions
Suspended

Reason not available
rdrama.cc
Suspended

Reason not available
refusal.biz
Suspended

Reason not available
repl.co
Suspended

Reason not available
rettiwtkcuf.social
Suspended

Reason not available
rojogato.com
Suspended

Reason not available
ryona.agency
Suspended

Reason not available
schwartzwelt.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
seal.cafe
Suspended

sealioning and slurs
sealion.club
Suspended

Reason not available
search.fedi.app
Suspended

Reason not available
shitpost.cloud
Suspended

Reason not available
shitposter.club
Suspended

Reason not available
shortstackran.ch
Suspended

Reason not available
shota.house
Suspended

Reason not available
shota.social
Suspended

Reason not available
sleepy.cafe
Suspended

Reason not available
sneed.social
Suspended

channers, racism, abuse
social.076.ne.jp
Suspended

Reason not available
social.arinbasu.online
Suspended

Reason not available
social.berzs.xyz
Suspended

Reason not available
social.freetalklive.com
Suspended

Reason not available
social.getgle.org
Suspended

Reason not available
social.lovingexpressions.net
Suspended

Reason not available
social.odayacres.farm
Suspended

Reason not available
social.researchanddestroy.technology
Suspended

Reason not available
social.wideboys.org
Suspended

Reason not available
soc.mahodou.moe
Suspended

Reason not available
solagg.com
Suspended

Reason not available
somewhy.net
Suspended

Reason not available
soo.chat
Suspended

Reason not available
spinster.xyz
Suspended

#TransRights
tastingtraffic.net
Suspended

Reason not available
t.digor.sh
Suspended

Third-party bots
terrible.place
Suspended

Reason not available
test.misskey.cf
Suspended

Third-party bots
thepostearthdestination.com
Suspended

Reason not available
tmediatech.io
Suspended

Reason not available
toot.payfrit.com
Suspended

Reason not available
troet.sysadmon.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
truthsocial.co.in
Suspended

Reason not available
truthsocial.com
Suspended

Trump
truthsocialpro.org
Suspended

Reason not available
twatter.jvpiter.net
Suspended

Third-party bots
tweetbridge.kogasa.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
tweet.pasture.moe
Suspended

Third-party bots
twitter.activitypub.actor
Suspended

Reason not available
twitter.kfem.cat
Suspended

Third-party bots
twitter.moxr.de
Suspended

Third-party bots
twitter.piriklub.eu
Suspended

Third-party bots
twotter.waifuism.life
Suspended

Third-party bots
tw.outsidermanga.com
Suspended

Third-party bots
twt.fuckgov.org
Suspended

Third-party bots
twtr.carnivore.social
Suspended

Third-party bots
twtr.ingeechat.party
Suspended

Third-party bots
twtr.plus
Suspended

Reason not available
twtr.vrij.social
Suspended

Third-party bots
urchan.org
Suspended

Reason not available
varishangout.net
Suspended

Reason not available
wagesofsinisdeath.com
Suspended

Reason not available
weedis.life
Suspended

Reason not available
whinge.town
Suspended

Reason not available
wolfgirl.bar
Suspended

Reason not available
wor****.*ev
Suspended

Reason not available
www.banepo.st
Suspended

Reason not available
xhais.love
Suspended

Reason not available
xn--p1abe3d.xn--80asehdb
Suspended

Reason not available
xxxtumblr.org
Suspended

Reason not available
yggdrasil.social
Suspended

Reason not available
youjo.love
Suspended

Reason not available
zov.oti.st
Suspended

Reason not available
